rb-parseconfig
    by BJ Dierkes
    http://www.5dollarwhitebox.org
    changes by Jesse Newland
    http://www.railsmachine.com

== DESCRIPTION:

rb-parseconfig is a Ruby class written to parse simple configuration
files in the format of 'param = value'. The key benefit is that your ruby
scripts can use the same configuration files of most unix/linux
applications.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

Parsing of simple configuration files (not Ruby specific).
Allows ruby applications as well as Bash Init scripts to use the same config.

Problem: Currently single quotes are stripped... therefore, values with a
single quote are not possible.

== SYNOPSIS:

  require('rubygems')
  require('parseconfig')
  config = ParseConfig.new('/path/to/config/file')
  puts config['log_file']
  puts config['pid_file']
  ...

== REQUIREMENTS:

  * Ruby (Developed on 1.8.6)
  * RubyGems

== INSTALL:

  sudo gem install parseconfig

== LICENSE:

Copyright (C) 2006,2007  BJ Dierkes <wdierkes@5dollarwhitebox.org>
Copyright (C) 2008-2104  Rails Machine

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.
